---
layout: blog
group: in_updates_list
title: Inquisitive minds
date: 14 October 2017
---
 
In October Geoff and I delivered two of what we hope will be many more public talks about All The Stations. Both were hosted by London Transport Museum. 

The first was a in-depth look behind the scenes and stories of the project; from the germ of the initial idea to what it felt like to pull in on that final train at Wick station. We shared some of our favourite, and hardest, moments as well as revealing exactly what happened during the Peterborough incident!
 
The second was for our younger ATS fans, aged 16 and under. Similarly we spoke about our favourite places, the people we met and how we planned the journey from beginning to end.
 
For both events we invited questions from the audience and we were genuinely excited by everyone’s curiosity. From questions about logistics, route planning, favourite Moquette and castles to an interest in how we think the network could be improved, which parts need the most investment and how we can advocate for a better service. The inquisitive nature of everyone’s thoughts reflected really strongly the approach that Geoff and I took throughout All The Stations. We were learning and discovering all the time, recognising that we were not the authority on any particular area, subject or story but that by asking questions we could find out more and share that to a wider group – you!
 
Our sense of curiosity can often be hampered by a fear that we should already know the answer, that it would be embarrassing to reveal that we don’t know something, particularly if it’s some thing we’re interested in and have spent time researching and learning about. Throughout the journey the more questions we asked, the more all kinds of possibilities opened up to us, the more places we visited and the more people we met. 

Your questions at these events helped us to understand better what people have been enjoying about All The Stations and to think about what other stories we might explore in the future. 

Thanks to everyone for being so inquisitive and keep the questions coming!  
